README.md, before:

# React starter app

This is the repository for a react webapp starter app. The project is a [React](Reactjs.org) built on top of a [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and it utilizes [Redux](https://redux.js.org).

The App uses Eslint to enforce style rules.

## Running instructions
1. Clone the repo.
2. Run `npm install`.
3. Run `npm run start`.

## Development pipeline
1. Make a new topic branch.
2. Make your changes.
4. Run `npm run lint` to check for style mistakes.
  - Code that has errors from the linter will not be merged in. Warnings are fine, but should be dealt with if possible.
5. Push your code.
6. Open a Pull Request.
7. After your code has been approved, it will be merged into master.

## Documentation

### Code structure

Most of the code lives in the `src` folder. For specific pages, the code should go into `src/pages/<name of the page>`. Reusable componenets (such as a custom button or input field) should go in `src/components/<name of component/component group>`.

The files for each component should be together in the same directory (`.js`, `.scss`). Global style files should go in `src/css`.

### Persisting Redux State (context: src/redux)
In order to allow faster content loading, the in-memory redux state is persisted using the `saveState` function. When the
application is reloaded, this persisted state is retrieved using rhe `loadState` function. 
  * The first time `loadState` is called, if there was a persisted state in `localstorage`, it should save the `reduxStateKey` in memory.
  * If no persisted state in `localstorage`, it should create a new unique `reduxStateKey`, save it to both `localstorage` and in memory.
  * Anytime the store is cleared, a new `reduxStateKey` should be created and replace the in-memory and `localstorage` `reduxStateKey`.
  * `saveState` should only save in-memory redux state to `localstorage` if the in-memory `reduxStateKey` matches `localstorage` `reduxStateKey`.

Commit message:

Config(Initial Commit) -- Setting up new repo

README.md, after:

# DEV React-Apollo Starter App

**NOTE: Update the title and provide a description here for your new project once started**

This is a repository with starter code for new frontend web projects at DEV.

## Starting a New Project

**NOTE: Delete this section in the README once you have started the new project**

Run these commands to start a new project built off of this repository.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/hsadev/react-frontend-starter.git <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME> && cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME> # clone repo 
$ rm -rf .git # delete original git history
$ git init # create new git repository
$ git remote add origin <YOUR_PROJECT_GIT_REPOSITORY> # add remote for github repo
$ git add . # stage all files to be commited
$ git commit -m "Initial Commit" # set up the initial commit
$ git push -u origin master # set the target branch and push to remote
```

## Project Structure
The repo was built by the general frontend web file structure conventions we use at DEV. It has react-router, apollo-client, and ThemeProvider from styled-components set up in src/App.js. It also has a full devloper environment with prettier, eslint, and travis set up.

This repository was designed first and foremost to scale to large projects. It should be easy to extend the base file structure and setup here to much larger projects.

## Set up
To install all dependecies run:
```bash
$ npm i
```
## Running
To host the website locally run:
```bash
$ npm start
```
